my name is client
testatomic
testdisplayset
testhide
testget
testalter
testsettopic
test6a
test6b
testsimplecondition
testsimpleconditiona
testsimpleconditionmatch
testconditionlist
testconditionlistmatch
testconditionlistdefault
testconditionlistname
testconditionlistnamematch
teststar Test passed
teststar Test passed one and Test passed two and Test passed three and Test passed four
testunderscore Test passed one and Test passed two and Test passed three and Test passed four
testrandom
testrandom
testrandom
testrandom
testrandom
testrandom
testwordformat
testnestedwordformat
testsimplemultisentencethat
testthat
testarray4multisentencethat
testarray3multisentencethat
testarray2multisentencethat
testarray1multisentencethat
testthatarray
testbotproperties
testconditionsetvalue
testjavascript
testsystem
testnestedcondition
testnestedcondition1
testnestedcondition2
testsetcondition
testversion
testsrai
testsr sraisucceeded
testnestedsrai
testthinksrai
teststarset Test passed
testidsizedate
testgossip
testgetgossip
testname
testinput
testinput1
testinput2
testinput3
testgender he said
testgender she was
testgender give to him
testgender or for him
testgender together with him
testgender something on him
testgender in him is light
testgender send to her
testgender gift for her
testgender someone with her
testgender curse on her
testgender monster in her
testgender his wishes
testgender her demands
testgender of him
testthatstar
testthatstar1
testmultithatstar
testmultithatstar1
testtopicstar
test34
testmultitopicstar
test35
testextremesrai
testperson i was there
testperson he was away
testperson she was kind
testperson i am sleepy
testperson i will
testperson for me
testperson my bot
testperson beside myself
testperson is mine
testperson2 along with you
testperson2 something is with me
testperson2 send to you
testperson2 present to me
testperson2 picture of you
testperson2 reminder of me
testperson2 best wishes for you
testperson2 for me this is
testperson2 give you something
testperson2 give me that
testperson2 giving you a hand
testperson2 giving me a lift
testperson2 gave you a fork
testperson2 gave me an idea
testperson2 make you happy
testperson2 make me sad
testperson2 made you aware
testperson2 made me cognizant
testreturnnamewhenset
testinfiniteloop
/exit
